The dosbox-automation project would like to thank:

The Lua team at PUC-Rio for a language built to be embedded.
yhirose for cpp-httplib, which carries our REST API.
Niels Lohmann for his JSON library.
Frank Wen for the FluidR3_GM SoundFont we bundle.
The FluidSynth developers for the synthesizer that plays it.
The Info-ZIP project for the DOS zip and unzip tools on our Y: drive.


Inherited thanks from DOSBox Staging:

The SDL2 team for their quality cross-platform software.
David Reid for his MP3, FLAC, and WAV decoder libraries.
Sean Barrett for his Vorbis decoder library.
Alexey Khokholov for his perfect OPL3 emulator.
Anton Shepelev for implementing pixel-perfect support.
Yann Collet for the xxHash algorithm.
jmarsh for his numerous contributions to CPU dynrec core and other areas.
nemo93 for taking great care of the dosbox-staging Wiki.
Jason Kim for his IBM PS/1 Audio card implementation.
Dag Lem, Antti S. Lankila, Ken Händel, and Leandro Nini for the reSID library.
Jonathan Campbell and Wengier Wu for their unabated progress on the DOSBox-X project.


Inherited thanks from the original DOSBox, in its authors' own words:

Vlad R. of the vdmsound project for excellent Sound Blaster info.
Tatsuyuki Satoh of the MAME Team for making an excellent FM emulator.
Jarek Burczynski for his work on an OPL3 emulator.
Ken Silverman for his work on an OPL2 emulator.
The Bochs and DOSemu projects which I used for information.
FreeDOS for ideas in making my shell.
Pierre-Yves Gérardy for hosting the old Beta Board.
Colin Snover for hosting our forum.
Mirek Luza, for his moderation of the forums.
eL_Pusher, DosFreak, and MiniMax for their moderation of Vogons forum.
crazyc, gulikoza, and M-HT for their work on the dynrec core.
Jantien for the version management.
Shawn, Johannes, and Marcus for creating the MacOS X version.
Jochen for creating the OS/2 version.
Ido Beeri for the original DOSBox icon.
ripsaw8080 for his hard debugging work.
GOG Team for the splash screen.
Arnold0 for the HDD noise samples of a ST3491A.


And all the supporters, of every generation of this software, who have:
 - reported bugs,
 - generously donated,
 - helped test development builds,
 - submitted patches or pull-requests,
 - improved the documentation and wiki pages, and/or
 - been a constructive force on public forums and chat channel(s)!
